Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager UI and Microservice 1020.1.15 (#2380)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1020.1.15-removal-of-asset-models-and-asset-model-samples-tabs-from-the-new-asset-models-screen.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Removal of asset models and asset model samples tabs from the new asset models screen"

Author: ```suggestion
title: "Simplified **New asset models** page"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:

>     - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"
>       label: "Fix"

Author: ```suggestion
    - value: "change-2c7RdTdXo4"
      label: "Improvement"
```

component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-1554"
version: "1020.1.15"
---

> In the **New asset model page**, removed the **Asset models** and **Asset model samples** tabs for a more focused experience .

Reviewer: The tabs were part of feature implementation and this info was not added separately in the changelogs.

> In the **New asset model page**, removed the **Asset models** and **Asset model samples** tabs for a more focused experience .

Reviewer 2: I mean, if the tabs have been removed where is the content that has been provided on the tabs now available for users?

> In the **New asset model page**, removed the **Asset models** and **Asset model samples** tabs for a more focused experience .

Reviewer: The tabs are already part of Asset models page. It was also present in New asset model page which we have now removed.

> In the **New asset model page**, removed the **Asset models** and **Asset model samples** tabs for a more focused experience .

Reviewer 2: Shouldn´t this then be mentioned? If I as a user read, that tabs have been removed, I wonder, where I can find its content now.

> In the **New asset model page**, removed the **Asset models** and **Asset model samples** tabs for a more focused experience .

Reviewer 2: I would perhaps add something like "have been removed for a more focused user experience as they are not required for creating a new asset model."

> In the **New asset model page**, removed the **Asset models** and **Asset model samples** tabs for a more focused experience .

Author: Incorporated the suggestion

> The "Asset models" and "Asset model samples" tabs, which were displayed at the top of the New Asset Models screen, have been removed.

Author: ```suggestion
In the **New asset model page**, removed the **Asset models** and **Asset model samples** tabs for a more focused experience .
```
